Hello aunt
I came here mainly to inform you
My love affair with Aiyu
Mr. Xiao Jiang
That can't be true, can it?
What he said is true
Xiaoyu
You don't know what kind of person you used to be
Did he seduce the future?
I know.
Didn't you also seduce the future?
aunt
You prostitute has a rich and powerful mind
empty
Aren't you happy for me?
Chen Lin
Come with me.
You're a rusty little girl
Dare to hook up with the territory
75 last year would not have been
But Yu and I have no parents
Who said she had nothing?
I wouldn't agree to it anyway.
It was your dad's ex-wife who died
Your marriage is naturally done by me
Why are you treating me?
But you, I want to see you
You can still guard Lin's together
How dare you speak to me like that
I just don't get it.
Did so many bad things
What else can you say from the righteous name of Xu Ran?
Check your phone for yourself
How nice it would be to die for snacks and dogs
You can marry me
You said that if this video is watched by others
But what?
brother
Although I don't know where you got this video from
But he can't explain
If you really have any substantive evidence
Go to the police early
Instead of sitting here and threatening me
That net appointment aunt
Better to pray for the bad things you've done
Flawless handling
But don't let me find any evidence
The residue is what you forced me to do
Arrange it for me.
Don't ruin Chen Lin